This page is focused on an open source SAST tool which is Horusec. 
The github page is as follows:
https://github.com/ZupIT/horusec

What is Horusec?
Horusec is an open-source static application security testing (SAST) tool developed originally by Zup IT Innovation.
It helps developers and security teams identify vulnerabilities in source code during the development lifecycle.
It’s commonly used in DevSecOps pipelines for early detection of security flaws.

Key Features
Multi-language support → works with Java, Go, Python, JavaScript, C#, Ruby, Kotlin, PHP, Dart, etc.
Command-line interface (CLI) → you can run scans locally or integrate into CI/CD pipelines.
Dockerized → easy to run without installing dependencies.
Custom rules → you can configure checks or extend rules to match your org’s security policies.
Reports → generates outputs in JSON, HTML, or SonarQube-compatible formats.
Integration → works with GitHub Actions, GitLab CI, Jenkins, Azure DevOps, etc.

How it Fits in DevSecOps
Developers commit code.
Horusec runs automatically in the pipeline (or manually via CLI).
It scans the source code for vulnerabilities (like SQL injection, hardcoded credentials, XSS, etc.).
Reports issues early, so they can be fixed before code reaches production.

Example CLI Usage
If Docker is installed, you can run:
docker run -v /path/to/your/project:/src horuszup/horusec-cli:latest horusec start -p /src
Or with the installed CLI:
horusec start -p 

Why It’s Useful and why is this tool used : 
This is an open source tool and it helps in shift security left- which means it finds bugs earlier in SDLC.It also complements other tools like Synk and Sonarcube in DevsecOPS pipleine

So this tool has been used in place with OWASP juiceshop
OWASP juice shop is aninsecure web application maintained by the OWASP Foundation.It’s written in Node.js, Express, and Angular. 
Purpose: To serve as a training ground for web application security. It’s often called “the most insecure web application in the world.”
